1	best i have had in phoenix , clean and great service .
1	this is mom and pop at it 's finest .
0	waste .
1	the service is always great here .
0	way over priced for the terrible food .
0	we are regular patrons but today was pathetic .
1	definately worth the drive !
1	they do a fabulous job and arrive on time .
0	sad because i hoped phoenix could do better .
1	this place is great , from the service to the atmosphere to the food .
1	it take time to fondue but it is so worth it !
0	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
1	i especially loved the french dip .
0	what 's a `` bed tax '' ?
1	the cheese curds were amazing , something you have to have as an appetizer .
1	very sweet .
1	service was far and above great and hooters wings are just always great .
1	i love petsmart !
0	the menu is basically two choices : steak or chicken .
0	we should 've just went to a drive-thru and called it a night !
1	finally got to try this place !
0	now our third waiter was a complete asshole !
0	totally disappointing !
0	ok still , we can hurry .
1	our party all left happy and satisfied .
0	i have never hated any nail salon until now .
1	they have live music as well .
0	two of the tables next to us ended up having problems with their bill .
1	super clean super fast and always yummy !
0	my tab for fajitas and a soda was just under $ _num_ .
0	office staff was less than friendly .
1	the dentist was great .
0	their low class behavior was brought to the staff 's attention .
1	recently went back and its still the best soul food in charlotte .
1	it is very well run and all the staff is well trained and knowledgeable .
1	the garlic mashed potatoes are amazing as well !
0	one strip of extra crunchy , stiff , bacon in the bloody .
0	also the pasta did not taste homemade .
0	very disappointing !
1	would highly recommend this shop to anyone wanting to take care of their vehicles .
1	the restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept .
1	great place to hang with your friends and/or watch a game .
0	it is full of a bunch of unhelpful and very very rude people .
0	the fries were limp and flavorless .
1	i would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs to mail anything .
1	overall excellent business !
1	the service is friendly , and quick .
1	the people are normally very nice .
0	i will never shop here again and this experience was the last straw .
0	another disappointment .
0	horrible !
1	btw ... the place was packed ... you may need a reservation !
1	she took me back all the way to the perfect blonde .
0	now the bad - everything else !
1	went again because their tacos are amazing !
1	i will continue to go to and recommend the pool shop in the future .
0	waited _num_ minutes just to have drink orders taken .
1	seriously , i 'd recommend sun without hesitation .
0	supposedly they do not take reservations , but they were unable to seat us .
1	the service was great .
1	habib has a great personality .
1	super delicious !
1	open _num_ hrs and fast service .
1	the salad was delicious .
0	very mediocre chinese food .
1	pierogies and sweet potato fries , awesome .
1	they do a much better job at cleaning the interior .
0	your doctors are incompetent and your business plan is sneaky and misleading .
0	no one here i 'm waiting waiting .
1	needless to say they are fast ... plus friendly & the prices are reasonable .
1	i highly recommend him !
1	we had a seat next to the fireplace which set the mood perfect !
0	_num_ star from me .
1	the service was spectacular , as it should be for this type of establishment .
0	our waiter said she could choose one so she chose the chocolate cake .
1	shared with us some stories from his recent trip to paris .
0	very dirty place , all tables where nasty .
1	we will be sending our son here every summer !
0	both times i walked out disappointed .
0	mongolian beef was tasty but the sides did nothing for me .
0	worst wendy 's ever !
0	they told me it would wash out in the laundry .
1	this place always gives me good vibes and a happy tummy !
0	i will not go back .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	fighting fans will know what i 'm talking about .
1	the staff was friendly and quick to assist me .
1	best service that i can find .
1	love this place .